# Malicious Programs

    Subject: Are these Malicious Programs posing as yours?

    Hello Daniel,

    I’m a typical consumer that tends to look into things that I shouldn’t but I
    did. Long story short, my PC has been acting funny. So I investigate. I
    discovered these files within the file that holds your program, “f” and
    “r”. Each file contains what appears to be your program, although when
    checking the details gave me reason to believe otherwise. Could you confirm
    whether or not they are connected to the functioning of your program?

    C:\Windows\WinSxS\amd64_curl_31bf3856ad364e35_10.0.22621.1555_none_5e4b2bfa98c5c82b\

    That is the location of your program. See attached photos for further info.

    I recently discovered also that there is a new malware/virus vulnerability to
    which the attacking program is named the same as legitimate windows
    programs. But in order for it to remain completely undetected by malware and
    virus scanners they must put the program in the same location as the one it is
    impersonating. Here is the information on that I read on that.

    Hackers are using one of Microsoft’s own tools to spread malware – what you
    need to know | Tom's Guide
    (tomsguide.com)<https://www.tomsguide.com/news/hackers-are-using-one-of-microsofts-own-tools-to-spre
    ad-malware-what-you-need-to-know>

    I have a feeling this may have imposed a multitude of programs on my PC and
    imagine others are unaware of its existence.

    Thank you,
    [name]
## Links

[<<](2023-07-16.md) [↑](../) [>>](2023-09-06.md)
