# you have hacked

    Thank you for making it so easy for me to see that you have hacked
    into 3 of my very own devices throughout the year.  I'm going to be
    holding onto all of my finds that have your name all over it and not
    by me because I have absolutely no reason to hack my own belongings. I
    will be adding this to stuff I have already for my attorney.  You
    won't find anything on my brand new tablet that you all have so kindly
    broken into and have violated my rights but have put much stress on
    myself as well. Maybe if you would have came and talked to me instead
    of hacking everything I own and fallow me to the point of a panic
    attack because I suffer from PTSD I might have helped you.  I cannot
    help what my boyfriend does and doesn't do but one ting I was told by
    the bank is that they would not let me talk for him so I can't get
    involved. He has had his car up for pickup for months but I'm guessing
    that the reason they won't pick the car up in the street right where
    it has sat for months waiting is because I've probably see every
    single driver that has or had fallowed me. My stress is so terrible
    that when I tell him to call the bank over and over again he does and
    doesn't get anywhere and because of my stress over this he gets mad
    and beats me or choaks me. I have no where to go at the moment and I'm
    not going to sleep on the streets either. So if you can kindly tell
    the repo truck to pick up the black suv at his dad's house in the
    street the bank can give them the number it would be great so I no
    longer have to deal with people thinking that they know the whole
    story. But really I am suffering horrificly.  I'm not a mean person
    but imagine not knowing anything about what's going on with your
    spouse and then finding out they didn't pay the car payment and so
    being embarrassed about it try to pay for it yourself and they say no
    I have it only to find out that he did it for a second time and his
    dad actually was supposed to pay the entire thing off but instead he
    went down hill really fast and seeing the same exact people every day
    everywhere you go and you tell your spouse and they don't believe you
    and start calling you wicked names like mine has and then from there
    every time my ptsd got worse from it happening over and over again and
    he says you're a liar and he's indenial about it and because I don't
    agree with him so I get punched I get choked and now an broken with
    absolutely no one but God on my side.how would you feel if it was
    being done to you and people following you and your so angry that alls
    you do is yell at people anymore and come off as a mean person when I
    am not? I don't own his car that he surrendered I don't pay his bills
    he told me to drive it and that's it.i trusted a liar and an abuser. I
    need someone to help other than my mom my attorney and eventually the
    news if everyone wants to be cruel to me I'm going to the news for
    people taking my pictures stalking me naibors across the street
    watching and on each side of the house and the school behind.  It
    isn't at all what you all think it is I want someone to help get the
    suv picked up not stalked. How would you feel if 5 cities were
    watching every single move? I am the victim all the way around and not
    one nabor has ever really taken the time to get to know me. I'm not at
    all a mean person but this is not my weight to carry. I have everyone
    on camera and I will have street footage pulled and from each store or
    gestation I go to. I don't go anywhere anymore from this and I'm the
    one asking for help. Their was one guy who was trying to help me get
    intouch with the tow truck guy and I haven't seen him since and his
    name is Antonio. He was going to help me.  I have been trying to to
    the right thing from the start and yet you all took pleasure in doing
    rotten mean things to me and laughing about it.  I want one person to
    come help me since I can't talk with the bank to get his suv picked up
    and I won't press charges on the person that helps nor onthe tow truck
    guy either.

## Blogged

<https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/2023/11/26/you-have-hacked-into-my-devices/>

## Links

[<< prev](2023-10-03.md) | [up](../) | [next >> ](../)
