# Breakpad

    Subject: Breakpad Open Source Project - INFORMATION REQUEST

    I'd like to know who you are.

    Found your Open Source Project tests on my phone and laptop illegally and need
    to know what you use it for?

    I need a lawyer to sue people who Tazed my dogs to death so I need to know
    WHAT THE FUNCTION OF THIS IS FOR TO ENSURE ELECTRIC CURRENT AND MIT
    ENGINEERING WITH GOOGLE DEVOPS ISN'T STILL BREAKING EVERY LAW, GLOBALLY AND IN
    THE MILITARY AND POLICE WITHIN THE UNITED STATES.

    Copyright (c) 2006, Google Inc.
    All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    \* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
    list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    \* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    \* Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be
    used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
    specific prior written permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
    "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
    A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
    OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
    SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
    LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
    DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
    THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
    (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
    OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

    COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

    Copyright (c) 1996 - 2011, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>.

    All rights reserved.

    [name]
