# U.S. Department of Energy

    OMB Control No. 1670-0052
    Expires: 03/31/2027

    Hello Haxx

    ** The following communication contains important DOE Secure
    Software Development Attestation Submission instructions.
    Please read this communication in its entirety. **

    The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has identified your
    company's software as affected by this request. The list of
    impacted software products and versions can be found below.

    DOE Request:

    In support of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
    requirement to collect attestations per M-22-18, please
    complete the U.S. Department of Energy Secure Software
    Development Attestation Form (DOE Common Form). If you are
    unable to attest to all secure software development
    framework (SSDF) practices, please be sure to attach your
    Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M). The software listed
    below has been identified as being associated with your
    company and requires DOE to collect an attestation for the
    software.

    Product Name      Version Number

    libcurl           8.3

    The U.S. Department of Energy Secure Software Development
    Attestation Form (DOE Common Form) can be found at DOE F
    205.2 Secure Software Development Attestation Form
    (energy.gov). The DOE Common Form identifies the minimum
    secure software development requirements a Software Producer
    must meet, and attest to meeting, before software subject to
    the requirements of M-22-18 as updated by M-23-16, may be
    used by Federal agencies. This form is used by Software
    Producers to attest that the software they produce is
    developed in conformity with specified secure software
    development practices and standards.

    If you would like to submit your own attestation in lieu of
    completing the fillable PDF copy of the DOE Common Form, you
    may use one of the methods below:

    * Provide a completed PDF of the CISA Secure Software
      Development Attestation Form.

    * Provide a public facing URL to the company's publicly
      posted Secure Software Development Attestation Form in
      response to this email request.

    * Provide a completed PDF of the certified FedRAMP Third
      Party Assessor Organization (3PAO). A third-party
      assessment is acceptable in lieu of a self-attestation, if
      provided by either a certified FedRAMP Third Party
      Assessor Organization (3PAO) or one approved by the
      agency. The 3PAO used needs to utilize NIST Guidance as
      the assessment baseline.

    If you experience any issues or have any questions, please
    contact doe.attestation@hq.doe.gov.

    Regards,

    DOE OCIO C-SCRM Team

## Blogged

<https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/2024/08/14/so-the-department-of-energy-emailed-me/>

## Links

[<< prev](2024-08-07.md) | [up](../) | [next >> ](2024-08-21.md)
