# Subject: Curl

    Hello Daniel,

    This is [name] from Adelaide Australia.

    I hope all is going well for you in Sweden and Curl is running
    smoothly. Here is Adelaide Curl is not running so smoothly and I hope
    you can please confirm for me if you and your fellow programmers have
    been remotely accessing my Domains and IP addresses.

    I have seen quiet frequently your Badger nickname referred to in my
    Apple iOS analytic logs and many times I can see Curl references
    regarding information for your testing and experiments.

    Now I do have actually copies of your domains showing up on reports I
    have obtained regarding my internet connections.

    I won’t write anything more I would just really appreciate it if you
    could please stop accessing my devices and privacy without my
    permission.

    If I am wrong please let me know and I will apologize in advance.

    I am happy to send you the details of what I have in writing.
    - Value: 151.101.129.91
    - Value: 2a04:4e42:200::347
    E.G These are 2 domains that have connected to my LAN and WAN networks
    and I believe they directly relate to curl.se and info.haxx.se

    This practice of remotely accessing networks without any permissions
    might be ok for some people but I find it very intrusive and extremely
    difficult to understand how it can be seen to be ok to be done under
    the disguise of testing. It could be described in many other ways.

    Kind regards,
    [full name]

(The two IP addresses mentioned in the email are owned by Fastly CDN and
are used for curl.se but also by numerous other Fastly customers.)

## Links

[<< prev](../2023/2023-11-26.md) | [up](../) | [next >> ](../)
