# stolen my data

    Cc: daniel@haxx.se
    Subject: Re: HACKER COMMUNICATING AND TAUNTING ME; HAS STOLEN MY DATA
    THE LAST 3 MONTHS...NO MORE!!!

    HAS SPIED ON ME AND USED MY FAMILIES DATA UP FOR 3 MONTHS.. HE IS OF
    ORIENTAL OR PHILLIPINO DESCENT AND AT ONE TIME HAD 6 PLUG INS TOMY
    UNLIMITED HIGH SPEED DATA. THIS MONTH I BOUGHT THE $35 CARD BECAUSE I
    WAS SICK OF PROVIDING FREE INTERNET FOR OTHER PPL (HACKERS).. I WENT
    TO SHOW SYSTEM IN APPS AND IT VERIFIED MY SUSPICIONS...THERE WAS
    "PROXY HANDLER AND EMOTIONS...EVEN ONE CALLED EMOTIONS. I KNOW WHAT
    OUR GOVERNMENT IS CAPABLE OF.  IK WHAT THEY WERE CAPABLE OF IN THE
    50S!!! SO MY SON AND I HAVE TO SUFFER AND PAY FOR THIS CRIMINAL TO NOT
    ONLY SPY ON US...STEAL FROM US.. AFFECT OUR EMOTIONS...AND ULTIMATELY
    CONTROL EVEN OUR MEMORIES THRU THE CELL PHONE. THERE WAS ALSO A
    QLENS. SO THIS GENTLEMAN HAS BEEN SPYING ON ME DURING MY MOST PRIVATE
    TIMES AS WELL.

    I expect a full refund for this month..(and I will let go the previous
    3 as far as the $ and high speed internet; however, if ur company
    cannot PROTECT ur customers any better than that. U R either turning a
    blind eye or DIRECTLY INVOLVED.

    I WILL SHUT UP AS LONG AS THIS MAN LEAVES MY FAMILY ALONE AND U
    RESTORE JUST MY SONS HIGH SPEED DATA. THAT NUMBER IS 012.345.6789.
    THE HACKER JUST SCREENSHOTTED THIS MSG!

This email was formatted even weirder so I had to clean it up somewhat before
I put it here.

## Links

[<< prev](2019-03-24.md) | [up](../) | [next >> ](2019-05-06.md)
