# Opel Insignia

    Subject: FW: Software problem (Opel Insignia Infotainment System (Multimedia
    Navi Pro))

    Dear Daniel Stenberg!

    My name is [name] from Hungary. I write to you, because I have a
    problem with my cars Infotainment system, and I found your name in the
    vehicle instruction manual. I've bought a brand new Opel Insignia
    Sports Tourer in December 2018, from an official Opel dealer in
    Hungary.  Unfortunately, with in a week , a problem has come up with
    the Infotainment System, which is the newest Multimedia Navi Pro
    system: The WI-FI Networks menu point has grayed out( I can't open it
    ), after I activated the OnStar services. Later I asked the OnStar
    serice center to switch it off but nothing has changed. I want to
    emphasise that during the first few days, after I took the car from
    the dealer, it was working well, and I could open properly this menu
    point, and since activating the OnStar system it has gone wrong.  What
    could be the problem, and why I can't reach this WI-FI networks menu
    point?  I've already written an E-Mail to Opel Hungary about my
    problem and they suggested to take the car to an official service. I
    did it, but they couldn't find the solution and the problem is still
    existing. I think it is a software problem and they don't know about
    the Infotainment system. So I don't know what to do and I would like
    to ask for your help, because nobody could help me!

    I attached a picture above, which shows what can be seen on the
    Infotainment display.

    Yours sincerelly,
    [name]

## Links

[prev](2019-03-10.md) [up](../) [next](2019-03-24.md)
