# Urgent warning

    Dear Daniel,

    I had emailed you a couple months ago about my “screen dumps” aka screenshots
    and asked for your help with restoring my Instagram account since it had been
    hacked, my photos changed, and your name was included in the coding. You
    claimed to have no involvement whatsoever in developing a third party app for
    Instagram and could not help me salvage my original Instagram photos,
    pre-hacked, despite Instagram serving as my Photography portfolio and my
    career is a Photographer.

    Since you weren’t aware that your name was attached to Instagram related
    hacking code, I thought you might want to know, in case you weren’t already
    aware, that your name is also included in Spotify terms and conditions. I came
    across this information using my Spotify which has also been hacked into and
    would love your help hacking out of Spotify. Also, I have yet to figure out
    how to unhack the hackers from my Instagram so if you change your mind and
    want to restore my Instagram to its original form as well as help me secure
    my account from future privacy breaches, I’d be extremely grateful. As you
    know, changing my passwords did nothing to resolve the problem. Please keep in
    mind that Facebook owns Instagram and these are big companies that you likely
    don’t want to have a trail of evidence that you are a part of an Instagram
    and Spotify hacking ring. Also, Spotify is a major partner of Spotify so you
    are likely familiar with the coding for all of these illegally developed third
    party apps. I’d be grateful for your help fixing this error immediately.

    Thank you,
    [name redacted]

    P.S. Please see attached screen dump for a screen shot of your contact info
    included in Spotify (or what more likely seems to be a hacked Spotify developed
    illegally by a third party).

## Blogged

<https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/2016/01/19/subject-urgent-warning/>
## Links

[<<](2016-01-11.md) [↑](../) [>>](2016-04-22.md)
